README.md, before:

# @ulu/frontend

Versatile frontend toolkit designed for a variety of web development scenarios.

[Full Documentation](https://jscherbe.github.io/frontend/)

## key Features

- **Target Environment:** The JavaScript "UI" modules are specifically tailored for traditional sites, such as static websites and CMS-driven platforms. However, the comprehensive SCSS modules are fully compatible and can be utilized in modern JavaScript applications built with frameworks like React or Vue.
- **Configuration & Consistency:** The system's main goal is to allow for highly flexible, per-site configuration while maintaining a consistent set of accessible and high-quality components.
- **Flexible Usage:** This library is designed as a toolkit, offering the flexibility to be used as a complete stylesheet solution or to pick and choose individual SCSS modules and components as needed.
- **Styling Agnostic JavaScript:** The JavaScript components use `data-*` attributes for behavior, not CSS classes. This means you can use the powerful JavaScript-driven interactions with your own custom-styled components.
- **Integration Adaptability:** All SCSS base selectors (for components, utilities, etc.) can be easily adjusted, making it highly adaptable for seamless integration into pre-existing systems and diverse development environments.
- **API Documentation:** API Documentation for both SCSS and JS with demos

## Related Links

- [Documentation](https://jscherbe.github.io/frontend/)
- [Change Log](CHANGELOG.md)
- [Development Notes](README.dev.md)

Commit message:

Test library benchmarks, Update README and docs frontpage with bundle size info, Build production library, Deploy

README.md, after:

# @ulu/frontend

Versatile frontend toolkit designed for a variety of web development scenarios.

[Full Documentation](https://jscherbe.github.io/frontend/)

## key Features

- **Lightweight Footprint:** The core library is very small, with the full UMD JavaScript bundle at ~20kb (gzipped) and the complete CSS bundle at ~19kb (gzipped). With tree-shaking and modular SCSS, the final footprint in a project is often even smaller.
- **Target Environment:** The JavaScript "UI" modules are specifically tailored for traditional sites, such as static websites and CMS-driven platforms. However, the comprehensive SCSS modules are fully compatible and can be utilized in modern JavaScript applications built with frameworks like React or Vue.
- **Configuration & Consistency:** The system's main goal is to allow for highly flexible, per-site configuration while maintaining a consistent set of accessible and high-quality components.
- **Flexible Usage:** This library is designed as a toolkit, offering the flexibility to be used as a complete stylesheet solution or to pick and choose individual SCSS modules and components as needed.
- **Styling Agnostic JavaScript:** The JavaScript components use `data-*` attributes for behavior, not CSS classes. This means you can use the powerful JavaScript-driven interactions with your own custom-styled components.
- **Integration Adaptability:** All SCSS base selectors (for components, utilities, etc.) can be easily adjusted, making it highly adaptable for seamless integration into pre-existing systems and diverse development environments.
- **API Documentation:** API Documentation for both SCSS and JS with demos

## Related Links

- [Documentation](https://jscherbe.github.io/frontend/)
- [Change Log](CHANGELOG.md)
- [Development Notes](README.dev.md)
