docs-src/content/sass/components/vignette/index.md, before:

---
title: Vignette
sassdocGroupName: vignette
---


# Vignette

Creates adaptive (changing at breakpoints)n between items (vertical/horizontal layout)



## Variables




<div class="sassdoc-item-header">

###  $config {#variable-config}

  <div class="sassdoc-item-header__labels">
    <span class="tag tag--primary"><strong>Variable</strong></span> <span class="tag"><strong>Type</strong>: Map</span>
  </div>

</div>

  

Module Settings
    
    

``` scss
$config: (
  "background-color" : rgb(0,0,0),
);
```
  

    <details>
      <summary>File Information</summary>
- **File:** _vignette.scss
- **Group:** vignette
- **Type:** variable
- **Lines (comments):** 13-14
- **Lines (code):** 16-20
    </details>
    
  

## Mixins




<div class="sassdoc-item-header">

###  set() {#mixin-set}

  <div class="sassdoc-item-header__labels">
    <span class="tag tag--primary"><strong>Mixin</strong></span>
  </div>

</div>

  

Change modules $config
    
    

    <details>
      <summary>File Information</summary>
- **File:** _vignette.scss
- **Group:** vignette
- **Type:** mixin
- **Lines (comments):** 22-24
- **Lines (code):** 26-28
    </details>
    

#### Parameters


|Name|Type|Description|
|:--|:--|:--|
|$changes|`Map`|Map of changes
  @include module-name.set(( "property" : value ));|

    

#### Require

- [$config](/sass/components/accordion/#variable-config)
  


<div class="sassdoc-item-header">

###  set-sizes() {#mixin-set-sizes}

  <div class="sassdoc-item-header__labels">
    <span class="tag tag--primary"><strong>Mixin</strong></span>
  </div>

</div>

  

Set sizes map
    
    

    <details>
      <summary>File Information</summary>
- **File:** _vignette.scss
- **Group:** vignette
- **Type:** mixin
- **Lines (comments):** 30-32
- **Lines (code):** 34-36
    </details>
    

#### Parameters


|Name|Type|Description|
|:--|:--|:--|
|$changes|`Map`|Map of changes|
|$merge-mode|`String`|Merge mode see utils.map-merge() [null|"deep"|"overwrite"]|

    

#### Require

- [$sizes](/sass/components/adaptive-spacing/#variable-sizes)
  


<div class="sassdoc-item-header">

###  styles() {#mixin-styles}

  <div class="sassdoc-item-header__labels">
    <span class="tag tag--primary"><strong>Mixin</strong></span>
  </div>

</div>

  

Prints adaptive spacing component styles
    
    

    <details>
      <summary>File Information</summary>
- **File:** _vignette.scss
- **Group:** vignette
- **Type:** mixin
- **Lines (comments):** 46-48
- **Lines (code):** 50-78
    </details>
    

#### Examples

      


``` scss
@include ulu.component-adaptive-spacing-styles();
```
  

      

#### Require

- [get()](/sass/components/accordion/#function-get)
  
  

## Functions




<div class="sassdoc-item-header">

###  get() {#function-get}

  <div class="sassdoc-item-header__labels">
    <span class="tag tag--primary"><strong>Function</strong></span>
  </div>

</div>

  

Get a config option
    
    

    <details>
      <summary>File Information</summary>
- **File:** _vignette.scss
- **Group:** vignette
- **Type:** function
- **Lines (comments):** 38-40
- **Lines (code):** 42-44
    </details>
    

#### Parameters


|Name|Type|Description|
|:--|:--|:--|
|$name|`Map`|Name of property
  @include module-name.get("property");|

    

#### Require

- [$config](/sass/components/accordion/#variable-config)

Commit message:

documentation setup for scroll-slider, slider, vignette, and flipcard.

docs-src/content/sass/components/vignette/index.md, after:

---
title: Vignette
sassdocGroupName: vignette
---


# Vignette

Creates adaptive (changing at breakpoints)n between items (vertical/horizontal layout)



## Variables




<div class="sassdoc-item-header">

###  $config {#variable-config}

  <div class="sassdoc-item-header__labels">
    <span class="tag tag--primary"><strong>Variable</strong></span> <span class="tag"><strong>Type</strong>: Map</span>
  </div>

</div>

  

Module Settings
    
    

``` scss
$config: (
  "background-color" : rgb(0,0,0),
);
```
  

    <details>
      <summary>File Information</summary>
- **File:** _vignette.scss
- **Group:** vignette
- **Type:** variable
- **Lines (comments):** 13-15
- **Lines (code):** 17-20
    </details>
    

#### Map Properties


|Name|Type|Default|Description|
|:--|:--|:--|:--|
|background-color|Color|rgb(0,0,0)|Color used for the fade-in of the vignette.|

    
  

## Mixins




<div class="sassdoc-item-header">

###  set() {#mixin-set}

  <div class="sassdoc-item-header__labels">
    <span class="tag tag--primary"><strong>Mixin</strong></span>
  </div>

</div>

  

Change modules $config
    
    

    <details>
      <summary>File Information</summary>
- **File:** _vignette.scss
- **Group:** vignette
- **Type:** mixin
- **Lines (comments):** 22-24
- **Lines (code):** 26-28
    </details>
    

#### Parameters


|Name|Type|Description|
|:--|:--|:--|
|$changes|`Map`|Map of changes
  @include module-name.set(( "property" : value ));|

    

#### Require

- [$config](/sass/components/accordion/#variable-config)
  


<div class="sassdoc-item-header">

###  set-sizes() {#mixin-set-sizes}

  <div class="sassdoc-item-header__labels">
    <span class="tag tag--primary"><strong>Mixin</strong></span>
  </div>

</div>

  

Set sizes map
    
    

    <details>
      <summary>File Information</summary>
- **File:** _vignette.scss
- **Group:** vignette
- **Type:** mixin
- **Lines (comments):** 30-32
- **Lines (code):** 34-36
    </details>
    

#### Parameters


|Name|Type|Description|
|:--|:--|:--|
|$changes|`Map`|Map of changes|
|$merge-mode|`String`|Merge mode see utils.map-merge() [null|"deep"|"overwrite"]|

    

#### Require

- [$sizes](/sass/components/adaptive-spacing/#variable-sizes)
  


<div class="sassdoc-item-header">

###  styles() {#mixin-styles}

  <div class="sassdoc-item-header__labels">
    <span class="tag tag--primary"><strong>Mixin</strong></span>
  </div>

</div>

  

Prints adaptive spacing component styles
    
    

    <details>
      <summary>File Information</summary>
- **File:** _vignette.scss
- **Group:** vignette
- **Type:** mixin
- **Lines (comments):** 46-48
- **Lines (code):** 50-78
    </details>
    

#### Examples

      


``` scss
@include ulu.component-adaptive-spacing-styles();
```
  

      

#### Require

- [get()](/sass/components/accordion/#function-get)
  
  

## Functions




<div class="sassdoc-item-header">

###  get() {#function-get}

  <div class="sassdoc-item-header__labels">
    <span class="tag tag--primary"><strong>Function</strong></span>
  </div>

</div>

  

Get a config option
    
    

    <details>
      <summary>File Information</summary>
- **File:** _vignette.scss
- **Group:** vignette
- **Type:** function
- **Lines (comments):** 38-40
- **Lines (code):** 42-44
    </details>
    

#### Parameters


|Name|Type|Description|
|:--|:--|:--|
|$name|`Map`|Name of property
  @include module-name.get("property");|

    

#### Require

- [$config](/sass/components/accordion/#variable-config)
