docs-src/content/sass/components/popover/index.md, before:

---
title: Popover
sassdocGroupName: popover
---


# Popover

<div class="type-large">



</div>



## Variables




<div class="sassdoc-item-header">

###  $config {#variable-config}

  <div class="sassdoc-item-header__labels">
    <span class="tag tag--primary"><strong>Variable</strong></span> <span class="tag"><strong>Type</strong>: Map</span>
  </div>

</div>

  

Module Settings
    
    

``` scss
$config: (
  "arrow-size"                   : 16px,
  "arrow-mask-overlap"           : 4px,
  "background-color"             : white,
  "border-radius"                : 6px,
  "color"                        : inherit,
  "max-width"                    : 90vw,
  "max-height"                   : 25rem,
  "padding"                      : 1rem,
  "padding-large"                : 2rem,
  "type-size"                    : null,
  "z-index"                      : true,
  "box-shadow"                   : true,
  "header-background-color"      : #ccc,
  "header-color"                 : null,
  "header-media-background-color": black,
  "header-padding-y"             : 0.25rem,
  "footer-border-top"            : 1px solid #dfdfdf,  
  "footer-background-color"      : #ccc,
  "footer-color"                 : null,
  "footer-padding-y"             : 0.25rem,
  "footer-padding-y-large"       : 0.5rem,
  "tooltip-background-color"     : white,
  "tooltip-color"                : null,
  "tooltip-max-width"            : 20rem,
  "tooltip-padding"              : 0.5rem,
  "tooltip-width"                : auto,
  "width"                        : 15rem,
  "width-large"                  : 30rem,
  "width-large-x"                : 50rem,
  );
```
  


<details>
  <summary>File Information</summary>
  
- **File:** _popover.scss
- **Group:** popover
- **Type:** variable
- **Lines (comments):** 30-60
- **Lines (code):** 62-92

</details>

    

#### Map Properties


|Name|Type|Default|Description|
|:--|:--|:--|:--|
|arrow-size|Dimension|16px|Size of the dropdown arrow.|
|arrow-mask-overlap|Dimension|4px|Size that the mask extends beyond the arrow size (which covers up the arrow box shadow inside the popover content). This should be adjusted based on the size of the box-shadow being used)|
|background-color|Color|white|Background color of the popover.|
|border-radius|Dimension|6px|Border radius of the popover.|
|color|Color|inherit|Text color of the popover.|
|max-width|Dimension|90vw|Max width of the popover.|
|max-height|Dimension|25rem|Max height of the popover.|
|padding|Dimension|1rem|Padding of the popover.|
|padding-large|Dimension|2rem|Padding of the popover if using "--large" or "--large-x" styling.|
|type-size|Dimension|null|Font size of the popover.|
|z-index|Number|true|z-index of the popover.|
|box-shadow|CssValue|true|Box shadow of the popover.|
|header-background-color|Color|#ccc|Background color of the popover header|
|header-color|Color|null|Text color for the header.|
|header-media-background-color|Color|black|background color for header media.|
|header-padding-y|Dimension|0.25rem|Vertical padding of the header.|
|footer-background-color|Color|#ccc|Background color of the footer.|
|footer-border-top|Color|1px solid #dfdfdf|Optional border used to separate the content from footer|
|footer-color|Color|null|Text color of the footer.|
|footer-padding-y|Dimension|0.25rem|Vertical padding of the footer.|
|footer-padding-y-large|Dimension|0.5rem|Vertical padding of the footer if using "--large" or "--large-x" styling.|
|tooltip-background-color|Color|white|Background color of the tooltip.|
|tooltip-color|Color|null|Font color of the tooltip.|
|tooltip-max-width|Dimension|20rem|Max width of the tooltip.|
|tooltip-padding|Dimension|0.5rem|Padding of the tooltip.|
|tooltip-width|Dimension|auto|Width of the tooltip.|
|width|Dimension|15rem|Width of the popover.|
|width-large|Dimension|30rem|Width of the popover if using "--large".|
|width-large-x|Dimension|50rem|Width of the popover if using "--large-x".|

    
  

## Mixins




<div class="sassdoc-item-header">

###  set() {#mixin-set}

  <div class="sassdoc-item-header__labels">
    <span class="tag tag--primary"><strong>Mixin</strong></span>
  </div>

</div>

  

Change modules $config
    
    


<details>
  <summary>File Information</summary>
  
- **File:** _popover.scss
- **Group:** popover
- **Type:** mixin
- **Lines (comments):** 94-97
- **Lines (code):** 99-101

</details>

    

#### Examples

      


``` scss
@include ulu.component-popover-set(( "property" : value ));
```
  



      

#### Parameters


|Name|Type|Description|
|:--|:--|:--|
|$changes|`Map`|Map of changes|

    

#### Require

- [$config](/sass/components/accordion/#variable-config)
  


<div class="sassdoc-item-header">

###  styles() {#mixin-styles}

  <div class="sassdoc-item-header__labels">
    <span class="tag tag--primary"><strong>Mixin</strong></span>
  </div>

</div>

  

Prints component styles
    
    


<details>
  <summary>File Information</summary>
  
- **File:** _popover.scss
- **Group:** popover
- **Type:** mixin
- **Lines (comments):** 113-115
- **Lines (code):** 117-232

</details>

    

#### Examples

      


``` scss
@include ulu.component-popover-styles();
```
  



      

#### Require

- [get()](/sass/components/accordion/#function-get)
  
  

## Functions




<div class="sassdoc-item-header">

###  get() {#function-get}

  <div class="sassdoc-item-header__labels">
    <span class="tag tag--primary"><strong>Function</strong></span>
  </div>

</div>

  

Get a config option
    
    


<details>
  <summary>File Information</summary>
  
- **File:** _popover.scss
- **Group:** popover
- **Type:** function
- **Lines (comments):** 103-106
- **Lines (code):** 108-111

</details>

    

#### Examples

      


``` scss
@include ulu.component-popover-get("property");
```
  



      

#### Parameters


|Name|Type|Description|
|:--|:--|:--|
|$name|`Map`|Name of property|

    

#### Require

- [$config](/sass/components/accordion/#variable-config)

Commit message:

Popover make arrow mask calculated automatically based on box-shadow and setup other related things, Utils add quick type check functions, Button verbose account for body above or below title (reverse was needed)

docs-src/content/sass/components/popover/index.md, after:

---
title: Popover
sassdocGroupName: popover
---


# Popover

<div class="type-large">



</div>



## Variables




<div class="sassdoc-item-header">

###  $config {#variable-config}

  <div class="sassdoc-item-header__labels">
    <span class="tag tag--primary"><strong>Variable</strong></span> <span class="tag"><strong>Type</strong>: Map</span>
  </div>

</div>

  

Module Settings
    
    

``` scss
$config: (
  "arrow-size"                   : 16px,
  "arrow-box-shadow"             : true,
  "arrow-box-shadow-extent"      : null,
  "background-color"             : white,
  "border-radius"                : 6px,
  "color"                        : inherit,
  "max-width"                    : 90vw,
  "max-height"                   : 25rem,
  "padding"                      : 1rem,
  "padding-large"                : 2rem,
  "type-size"                    : null,
  "z-index"                      : true,
  "box-shadow"                   : true,
  "header-background-color"      : #ccc,
  "header-color"                 : null,
  "header-media-background-color": black,
  "header-padding-y"             : 0.25rem,
  "footer-border-top"            : 1px solid #dfdfdf,  
  "footer-background-color"      : #ccc,
  "footer-color"                 : null,
  "footer-padding-y"             : 0.25rem,
  "footer-padding-y-large"       : 0.5rem,
  "tooltip-background-color"     : white,
  "tooltip-color"                : null,
  "tooltip-max-width"            : 20rem,
  "tooltip-padding"              : 0.5rem,
  "tooltip-width"                : auto,
  "width"                        : 15rem,
  "width-large"                  : 30rem,
  "width-large-x"                : 50rem,
  );
```
  


<details>
  <summary>File Information</summary>
  
- **File:** _popover.scss
- **Group:** popover
- **Type:** variable
- **Lines (comments):** 30-61
- **Lines (code):** 63-94

</details>

    

#### Map Properties


|Name|Type|Default|Description|
|:--|:--|:--|:--|
|arrow-size|Dimension|16px|Size of the dropdown arrow.|
|arrow-box-shadow|Boolean|true|When true the arrow will get the popover's box shadow. Note if the box shadow is not a list (for example custom property), the mask won't be calculated from the box-shadow (use arrow-box-shadow-extent to specify manually)|
|arrow-box-shadow-extent|Number|null|If set will determine the amount of overlap added to the arrow mask, else it's calculated automatically by the box-shadow option (can be used if box-shadow is custom property)|
|background-color|Color|white|Background color of the popover.|
|border-radius|Dimension|6px|Border radius of the popover.|
|color|Color|inherit|Text color of the popover.|
|max-width|Dimension|90vw|Max width of the popover.|
|max-height|Dimension|25rem|Max height of the popover.|
|padding|Dimension|1rem|Padding of the popover.|
|padding-large|Dimension|2rem|Padding of the popover if using "--large" or "--large-x" styling.|
|type-size|Dimension|null|Font size of the popover.|
|z-index|Number|true|z-index of the popover.|
|box-shadow|CssValue|true|Box shadow of the popover.|
|header-background-color|Color|#ccc|Background color of the popover header|
|header-color|Color|null|Text color for the header.|
|header-media-background-color|Color|black|background color for header media.|
|header-padding-y|Dimension|0.25rem|Vertical padding of the header.|
|footer-background-color|Color|#ccc|Background color of the footer.|
|footer-border-top|Color|1px solid #dfdfdf|Optional border used to separate the content from footer|
|footer-color|Color|null|Text color of the footer.|
|footer-padding-y|Dimension|0.25rem|Vertical padding of the footer.|
|footer-padding-y-large|Dimension|0.5rem|Vertical padding of the footer if using "--large" or "--large-x" styling.|
|tooltip-background-color|Color|white|Background color of the tooltip.|
|tooltip-color|Color|null|Font color of the tooltip.|
|tooltip-max-width|Dimension|20rem|Max width of the tooltip.|
|tooltip-padding|Dimension|0.5rem|Padding of the tooltip.|
|tooltip-width|Dimension|auto|Width of the tooltip.|
|width|Dimension|15rem|Width of the popover.|
|width-large|Dimension|30rem|Width of the popover if using "--large".|
|width-large-x|Dimension|50rem|Width of the popover if using "--large-x".|

    
  

## Mixins




<div class="sassdoc-item-header">

###  set() {#mixin-set}

  <div class="sassdoc-item-header__labels">
    <span class="tag tag--primary"><strong>Mixin</strong></span>
  </div>

</div>

  

Change modules $config
    
    


<details>
  <summary>File Information</summary>
  
- **File:** _popover.scss
- **Group:** popover
- **Type:** mixin
- **Lines (comments):** 96-99
- **Lines (code):** 101-103

</details>

    

#### Examples

      


``` scss
@include ulu.component-popover-set(( "property" : value ));
```
  



      

#### Parameters


|Name|Type|Description|
|:--|:--|:--|
|$changes|`Map`|Map of changes|

    

#### Require

- [$config](/sass/components/accordion/#variable-config)
  


<div class="sassdoc-item-header">

###  styles() {#mixin-styles}

  <div class="sassdoc-item-header__labels">
    <span class="tag tag--primary"><strong>Mixin</strong></span>
  </div>

</div>

  

Prints component styles
    
    


<details>
  <summary>File Information</summary>
  
- **File:** _popover.scss
- **Group:** popover
- **Type:** mixin
- **Lines (comments):** 115-117
- **Lines (code):** 119-234

</details>

    

#### Examples

      


``` scss
@include ulu.component-popover-styles();
```
  



      

#### Require

- [get()](/sass/components/accordion/#function-get)
  
  

## Functions




<div class="sassdoc-item-header">

###  get() {#function-get}

  <div class="sassdoc-item-header__labels">
    <span class="tag tag--primary"><strong>Function</strong></span>
  </div>

</div>

  

Get a config option
    
    


<details>
  <summary>File Information</summary>
  
- **File:** _popover.scss
- **Group:** popover
- **Type:** function
- **Lines (comments):** 105-108
- **Lines (code):** 110-113

</details>

    

#### Examples

      


``` scss
@include ulu.component-popover-get("property");
```
  



      

#### Parameters


|Name|Type|Description|
|:--|:--|:--|
|$name|`Map`|Name of property|

    

#### Require

- [$config](/sass/components/accordion/#variable-config)
